Psalm 39 to the chief musician to Jeju
for a psalm of David I said I will guard
my ways
lest I sin with my tongue I will
restrain my mouth with a muzzle while
the wicked are before me I was mute
silence they held my peace even from
good and my sorrow was stirred up my
heart was hot within me while I was
musing the fire burned then I spoke with
my tongue
Lord make me to know my end and what is
the measure of my days that I may know
how frail I am indeed you have made my
days as hen breaths and my age is as
nothing before you certainly every man
at his best state is but vapor surely
every man walks about like a shadow
surely they busy themselves in vain he
heaps up riches and does not know who
will gather them and now Lord what do I
wait for my hope is in you deliver me
from all my transgressions do not make
me the reproach of the foolish I was
mute I did not open my mouth because it
was you who did it remove your plague
from me I am consumed by the blow of
your hand when with rebukes you correct
man for iniquity you make his beauty
melt away like a morph surely every man
is vapor hear my prayer Lord
and give ear to my cry do not be silent
and my tears for I am a stranger with
you the Sojourner as all my father's
were remove your gaze from me that I may
regain strength before I go away and em
no more
[Music]